# Liu et al. (2012) 

Liu, G., C.E. Bangs, and D.B. Müller. 2012. Stock dynamics and emission pathways of the global aluminium cycle. Nature Climate Change 2(10): 338–342.
DOI 10.1038/nclimate1698


## Figure S7

- Image source: Supplementary pdf file, from publisher homepage
- Tool: [WebPlotDigitizer](https://apps.automeris.io/wpd/) v4.1 (WPD)
- Dataset contains:
  - Folder SI_FigS7 with extracted image (from pdf)
  - CSV with time series data in figure
    - year: 1901-2009
    - BC:  End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "building and construction". Global average.
    - TOT: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Transportation: Others". Global average.
    - ME:  End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Machinery and Equipment". Global average.
    - CD:  End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Consumer durables". Global average.
    - TAU: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Transportation: Automobiles and light trucks". Global average.
    - PCA: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Packaging: Cans". Global average.
    - ECA: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Electrical: Cables". Global average.
    - OTN: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Other Uses: non-Destructive uses". Global average.
    - TAE: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Transportation: Aerospace". Global average.
    - POT: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Packaging: Others". Global average.
    - EOT: End-of-life recovery rate of aluminium scrap from product, for given year and product group "Electrical: Others". Global average.
	
- Steps:
  - Default procedure of webplotdigitizer, using automatic extraction for each line separately.
- Comments
  - Data points that the software could not recognize because they were hidden behind other lines were manually added. Applies to BC 2008 and 2009, CD 2009, and ECA 1900-1952.